Privacy Policy
==============

Last updated: September 09, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of
Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law
protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the
collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Interpretation and Definitions
------------------------------

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following
conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear
in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* **Application** refers to Number Systems, the software program provided by the Company.

* **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to
  Sandello, Moscow.

* **Country** refers to: Russia

* **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a
  digital tablet.
    
* **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

* **Service** refers to the Application.

* **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the
  Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate
  the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the
  Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

* **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service
  or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

* **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity
  on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
---------------------------------------

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable
information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may
include, but is not limited to:

* State, Province, City

* Usage Data

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP
address), OS version, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile
device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile
operating system You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

### Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

* **To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Service.

* **For other purposes**: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis,
  identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to
  evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.

Children's Privacy
------------------

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally
identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You
are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware
that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of
parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country
requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that
information.

Links to Other Websites
-----------------------

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third
party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the
Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices
of any third party sites or services.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
------------------------------

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the
new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change
becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy
Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
----------

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

* By email: sandello2015@gmail.com
